content/posts/canting/index.en.md, before:

---
title: "Introduction of Canting Kernel"
subtitle: ""
date: 2020-06-14T20:14:17+07:00
draft: false
author: "Khusika"
gravatarEmail: "khusikadhamar@gmail.com"
description: "Canting is a kernel based on Google Common merged over CAF."
resources:
- name: "featured-image"
  src: "featured-image.webp"

tags: ["android", "kernel"]
categories: ["Projects"]

toc:
  auto: false
math:
  enable: false
lightgallery: false
license: '<a rel="license external nofollow noopener noreffer" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/" target="_blank">CC BY-NC 4.0</a>'
---
Canting is an android kernel based on Google kernel-common merged over CAF-kernel. Built to provide security and stability improvement. _Canting_ it self is a pen-like instrument used in the process of _batik_ making.
<!--more-->

## Source Codes
### xiaomi-msm8953
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/releases/latest)[![Total Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/stargazers)[![Total Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/network/members)[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/issues)

### xiaomi-sdm845
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/releases/latest)[![Total Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/stargazers)[![Total Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/network/members)[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/issues)

## Features
* Upstream with latest [linux-stable](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux.git/) releases
* Upstream with latest [CAF-kernel](https://source.codeaurora.org/quic/la/kernel) releases
* Clang supported
* CPU Governors: schedutil, powersave, performance
* I/O Schedulers: noop, cfq
* Compat vDSO from Pixel kernel
* TCP Congestion Algorithm: bbr, westwood, reno, cubic
* [WireGuard](https://xdaforums.com/t/wireguard-kernel-rom-integration.3711635/) VPN support
* Boeffla wakelock blocker
* [Simple Low Memory Killer](https://github.com/kerneltoast/simple_lmk)
* Sound Control: Speaker, Microphone, Headphone (Per-channel control)
* KCAL & KLapse Interface
* Vibration Intensity Control
* backlight min option
* Removed safetynet flags (no need of magisk to bypass safteynet)
* Extend File System Support: F2FS, EXFAT, NTFS
* and many more

## Device Support
### canting-3.18.y
* ~~**MSM8953**~~ _abandoned_
  * [Redmi Note 4X](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-mido-3-18-y-canting-1-2-24-03-2019.3865604/)
  * [Mi A1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-tissot-3-18-y-canting-1-2-24-03-2019.3865600/)

### canting-4.9.y
* **MSM8953**
  * [Mi A1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-tissot-4-9-y-canting-4-6-29-10-2019.3871134/)
* **SDM845**
  * [canting-4.9 for Mi 8](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-dipper-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907882/)
  * [canting-4.9 for Mi Mix 2S](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-polaris-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907884/)
  * [canting-4.9 for Poco F1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-beryllium-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907883/)

## How to Build
This section describes how to set up your local work environment to build the Canting Kernel. You must use Ubuntu/Debian.
### Set-up Environment
1. Instal required packaged for Ubuntu based distro, according to the [source.android.com](https://source.android.com/setup/build/initializing#installing-required-packages-ubuntu-1404) and [xdaforums.com](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-noobs-familiar-how-to-build-android-kernel-with-features.3654336/). Install the following packaged:
```bash
sudo apt-get install git ccache automake lzop bison gperf build-essential zip curl zlib1g-dev zlib1g-dev:i386 g++-multilib python-networkx libxml2-utils bzip2 libbz2-dev libbz2-1.0 libghc-bzlib-dev squashfs-tools pngcrush schedtool dpkg-dev liblz4-tool make optipng
```
2. Clone the kernel trees
For an example, we are going to build canting-4.9.q for sdm845 into _canting_ as directiories:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845 -b canting-4.9-q canting
```
&nbsp;
3. Clone required toolchain, at this point only Clang with prebuilt binutils(arm and arm64) in it to build canting-kernel.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/prebuilt_google_clang -b master clang-toolchain
```
### Compile Kernel 
1. Make sure to clean the kernel trees
```bash
make clean && make mrproper
```
&nbsp;
2. Export required crosscompile, [previously](#set-up-environment) we use prebuilt google-clang.
```bash
export CC='/clang-toolchain/bin/clang'
export CLANG_TRIPLE=aarch64-linux-gnu-
export CLANG_TRIPLE_ARM32=arm-linux-gnueabi-
export CROSS_COMPILE='/clang-toolchain/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-'
export CROSS_COMPILE_ARM32='/clang-toolchain/bin/arm-linux-gnueabi-'
export KBUILD_COMPILER_STRING="$('/clang-toolchain/bin/clang' --version | head -n 1 | perl -pe 's/\((?:http|git).*?\)//gs' | sed -e 's/  */ /g')"
```
&nbsp;
3. Make the device config and build the kernel, at this point we will build dipper kernel.
```bash
make O=out ARCH=arm64 canting-dipper_defconfig
make -j$(nproc --all) O=out
```
## Repack Kernel Image
At this point, we are going to repack the kernel image into flashable kernel.zip. There is a powerfull flashable.zip made by [Chris Renshaw](https://github.com/osm0sis) called [AnyKernel](https://github.com/osm0sis/AnyKernel3). All of [supported](#device-support) kernel are able to use those flashable.zip, just follow this guides:
1. Clone [Canting-AnyKernel](https://github.com/khusika/AnyKernel3) repository, for an example we use dipper branch
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/AnyKernel3 -b dipper canting-kernel-dipper
```
&nbsp;
2. Copy or move the kernel images into the AnyKernel directories
```bash
cp '/canting/out/arch/arm64/boot/Image.gz-dtb' '/canting-kernel-dipper'
```
&nbsp;
3. Compress the kernel using zip
```bash
zip -r9 kernel.zip * -x README.md kernel.zip
```
## References
- [Albe96](https://xdaforums.com/m/albe96.7334959/), 2017. **[How To Build Android Kernel With Features](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-noobs-familiar-how-to-build-android-kernel-with-features.3654336/)**.
- [Android Open Source Project](https://source.android.com/), 2020. **[Establishing a Build Environment](https://source.android.com/setup/build/initializing#installing-required-packages-ubuntu-1404)**.
- [Nathanchance](https://xdaforums.com/m/nathanchance.6842057/), 2017. **[How to compile an Android kernel](https://xdaforums.com/t/reference-how-to-compile-an-android-kernel.3627297/)**.

Commit message:

docs: add discontinuation notice for Canting Kernel
[deploy]

Signed-off-by: Khusika Dhamar Gusti <khusikadhamar@gmail.com>

content/posts/canting/index.en.md, after:

---
title: "Introduction of Canting Kernel"
subtitle: ""
date: 2020-06-14T20:14:17+07:00
draft: false
author: "Khusika"
gravatarEmail: "khusikadhamar@gmail.com"
description: "Canting is a kernel based on Google Common merged over CAF."
resources:
- name: "featured-image"
  src: "featured-image.webp"

tags: ["android", "kernel"]
categories: ["Projects"]

toc:
  auto: false
math:
  enable: false
lightgallery: false
license: '<a rel="license external nofollow noopener noreffer" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/" target="_blank">CC BY-NC 4.0</a>'
---
Canting is an android kernel based on Google kernel-common merged over CAF-kernel. Built to provide security and stability improvement. _Canting_ it self is a pen-like instrument used in the process of _batik_ making.
<!--more-->

{{< admonition warning "Project Discontinuation Notice" >}}
Please be advised that as of October 2025, the Canting Kernel project is no longer under active development. The landscape of Android customization has grown increasingly complex, making it difficult to continue providing the level of support and updates this project deserves.

The source code and all existing releases will remain publicly available for archival and educational purposes. However, no further updates, security patches, or support will be provided.
{{< /admonition >}}

## Source Codes
### xiaomi-msm8953
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/releases/latest)[![Total Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/stargazers)[![Total Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/network/members)[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/issues)

### xiaomi-sdm845
[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/releases/latest)[![Total Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/stargazers)[![Total Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/network/members)[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/issues)

## Features
* Upstream with latest [linux-stable](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux.git/) releases
* Upstream with latest [CAF-kernel](https://source.codeaurora.org/quic/la/kernel) releases
* Clang supported
* CPU Governors: schedutil, powersave, performance
* I/O Schedulers: noop, cfq
* Compat vDSO from Pixel kernel
* TCP Congestion Algorithm: bbr, westwood, reno, cubic
* [WireGuard](https://xdaforums.com/t/wireguard-kernel-rom-integration.3711635/) VPN support
* Boeffla wakelock blocker
* [Simple Low Memory Killer](https://github.com/kerneltoast/simple_lmk)
* Sound Control: Speaker, Microphone, Headphone (Per-channel control)
* KCAL & KLapse Interface
* Vibration Intensity Control
* backlight min option
* Removed safetynet flags (no need of magisk to bypass safteynet)
* Extend File System Support: F2FS, EXFAT, NTFS
* and many more

## Device Support
### canting-3.18.y
* ~~**MSM8953**~~ _abandoned_
  * [Redmi Note 4X](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-mido-3-18-y-canting-1-2-24-03-2019.3865604/)
  * [Mi A1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-tissot-3-18-y-canting-1-2-24-03-2019.3865600/)

### canting-4.9.y
* **MSM8953**
  * [Mi A1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-tissot-4-9-y-canting-4-6-29-10-2019.3871134/)
* **SDM845**
  * [canting-4.9 for Mi 8](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-dipper-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907882/)
  * [canting-4.9 for Mi Mix 2S](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-polaris-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907884/)
  * [canting-4.9 for Poco F1](https://xdaforums.com/t/kernel-beryllium-4-9-y-canting-3-6-22-08-2021.3907883/)

## How to Build
This section describes how to set up your local work environment to build the Canting Kernel. You must use Ubuntu/Debian.
### Set-up Environment
1. Instal required packaged for Ubuntu based distro, according to the [source.android.com](https://source.android.com/setup/build/initializing#installing-required-packages-ubuntu-1404) and [xdaforums.com](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-noobs-familiar-how-to-build-android-kernel-with-features.3654336/). Install the following packaged:
```bash
sudo apt-get install git ccache automake lzop bison gperf build-essential zip curl zlib1g-dev zlib1g-dev:i386 g++-multilib python-networkx libxml2-utils bzip2 libbz2-dev libbz2-1.0 libghc-bzlib-dev squashfs-tools pngcrush schedtool dpkg-dev liblz4-tool make optipng
```
2. Clone the kernel trees
For an example, we are going to build canting-4.9.q for sdm845 into _canting_ as directiories:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/canting_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845 -b canting-4.9-q canting
```
&nbsp;
3. Clone required toolchain, at this point only Clang with prebuilt binutils(arm and arm64) in it to build canting-kernel.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/prebuilt_google_clang -b master clang-toolchain
```
### Compile Kernel 
1. Make sure to clean the kernel trees
```bash
make clean && make mrproper
```
&nbsp;
2. Export required crosscompile, [previously](#set-up-environment) we use prebuilt google-clang.
```bash
export CC='/clang-toolchain/bin/clang'
export CLANG_TRIPLE=aarch64-linux-gnu-
export CLANG_TRIPLE_ARM32=arm-linux-gnueabi-
export CROSS_COMPILE='/clang-toolchain/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-'
export CROSS_COMPILE_ARM32='/clang-toolchain/bin/arm-linux-gnueabi-'
export KBUILD_COMPILER_STRING="$('/clang-toolchain/bin/clang' --version | head -n 1 | perl -pe 's/\((?:http|git).*?\)//gs' | sed -e 's/  */ /g')"
```
&nbsp;
3. Make the device config and build the kernel, at this point we will build dipper kernel.
```bash
make O=out ARCH=arm64 canting-dipper_defconfig
make -j$(nproc --all) O=out
```
## Repack Kernel Image
At this point, we are going to repack the kernel image into flashable kernel.zip. There is a powerfull flashable.zip made by [Chris Renshaw](https://github.com/osm0sis) called [AnyKernel](https://github.com/osm0sis/AnyKernel3). All of [supported](#device-support) kernel are able to use those flashable.zip, just follow this guides:
1. Clone [Canting-AnyKernel](https://github.com/khusika/AnyKernel3) repository, for an example we use dipper branch
```bash
git clone https://github.com/khusika/AnyKernel3 -b dipper canting-kernel-dipper
```
&nbsp;
2. Copy or move the kernel images into the AnyKernel directories
```bash
cp '/canting/out/arch/arm64/boot/Image.gz-dtb' '/canting-kernel-dipper'
```
&nbsp;
3. Compress the kernel using zip
```bash
zip -r9 kernel.zip * -x README.md kernel.zip
```
## References
- [Albe96](https://xdaforums.com/m/albe96.7334959/), 2017. **[How To Build Android Kernel With Features](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-noobs-familiar-how-to-build-android-kernel-with-features.3654336/)**.
- [Android Open Source Project](https://source.android.com/), 2020. **[Establishing a Build Environment](https://source.android.com/setup/build/initializing#installing-required-packages-ubuntu-1404)**.
- [Nathanchance](https://xdaforums.com/m/nathanchance.6842057/), 2017. **[How to compile an Android kernel](https://xdaforums.com/t/reference-how-to-compile-an-android-kernel.3627297/)**.
